README.md, before:

# Assignment 2 vol 2 Jens Tingstad


## Current progress:

Have currently expanded to include a predefined backend store and added support for workspaces. Storage accounts and resource group names derived from workspace. <br>

Current environment operating with develop, staging and production tiers. <br>
At this point the configurations are the same, but workflows have been initiated but does not pass as credential JSON parser is not recognizing JSON object with multiple params (will need to switch to individual secrets here). <br>

Whats missing: Current CI/CD state is not good enough, there is no pull request implementation stopping for manual input for main merge. <br>
Current test-scope to small, limited to only terraform catching defined errors, any error in actual deployment is not caught. Should expand to some simple test-suites to run as part of develop->staging workflow. <br>

I know I am very late with delivery now, (excuses on request) but I will continue to improve this delivery this week since I did not have as much time available as initially intended.

Commit message:

updated README and decreased charcount for random_web

README.md, after:

# Assignment 2 vol 2 Jens Tingstad


## Current progress:

Have currently expanded to include a predefined backend store and added support for workspaces.
Storage accounts and resource group names derived from workspace. <br>

Current environment operating with develop, staging and production tiers. <br>
Configurations are working and credentials are updated to match ARM configuration. <br>
Assignment-1 Modules have been updated to handle multiple workspaces, and main branch has been locked for automatic merge.<br>
<br>

Currently we are operating with 3 different workspaces, mirroring three git-branches:

1. Develop:
   1. Used for development where feature, or personal dev-branches are to be deployed after merge by developer/team-lead.
2. Staging:
   1. Meant to be used for testing, after a feature is passed development it is merged to staging where required test-suites are run. If test results are acceptable, a merge request is created to main
3. Main
   1. Final step in the development pipeline - Production , should hold the "latest and greatest" source and deployments. 





Whats missing: Current CI/CD state is not good enough, there is no pull request implementation stopping for manual input for main merge. <br>
Current test-scope to small, limited to only terraform catching defined errors, any error in actual deployment is not caught. Should expand to some simple test-suites to run as part of develop->staging workflow. <br>

I know I am very late with delivery now, (excuses on request) but I will continue to improve this delivery this week since I did not have as much time available as initially intended.
